Updating to deprecate before archiving (#1)
mParticle/mParticle-CrashReporter: README.md

<img src="https://static.mparticle.com/sdk/logo.svg" width="280">

# Deprecated

> This repo is archived since our recent Apple SDKs have been updated to rely on the default PLCrashReporter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repo has been archived - the latest Apple SDK integrates with the standard [PLCrashReporter](https://github.com/microsoft/plcrashreporter) library. [Navigate to the mParticle docs site](https://docs.mparticle.com/developers/sdk/ios/error-and-exception-tracking/#crash-reporting) for more information on configuring crash reporting.
```
